[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Like I said, you probably
don't wanna distribute your test files.
And you don't need to
transpile those either.
So, we're going to add,
right here, --ignore *.test.js.
I should make a pull request to have
that be automatic, that would be cool.
So now you see in the output that it
is only transpiling source index .js
not the test, but the dist directory
still has my test file in there.
That's not a big deal because I
could just delete it right, and
it won't show up again.
As I'm adding files and
removing files, like that's not cool.
So what's better is to clean everything
up so that it's in a solid state, and
then run the build.
And so with npm scripts,
I can have something happen before any,
like a particular script.
And that's done by creating
a script with the term pre,
and then you can say prebuild,
for example.
So before you run the build script,
I want you to run this script.
And the script that I want to run is
some command that will delete this.
So if I'm on a Mac,
I'm going to say rm -rf dist, and
I guess if I'm on a Windows,
it was rm dir I think.
But I want to have a script that works
across platforms because we are gonna
use this in our validate script and
I'm gonna have contributors
from both Windows and Mac.
So I'm going to use a package
called Rimraf to do that,
rimraf, you normally just install this, so
I think the latest version is 2.5.4
which you have installed already.
And you'll just use that binary,
rimraf dist.
So then if you run your build again,
you'll see that at first run pre built
script and than it runs the built script
and your dist directory should be clean,
just have what you need in them.
>> Student: And that's just by convention
anything having pre in it will run,
if it's the same name as another build?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yep and
then incidentally,
we could also run the prebuild
script by itself.
I haven't tried this before but
if I did, preprebuild: "echo hi".
Nope, looks like it doesn't.
I'm not sure how it's implemented, but
I guess it's not implemented
in a way that will work.
That's kind of funny.
>> Student: So just a question then on the
same scripts and naming, you named that
watchTests, does that any type of
convention or did you just do that?
>> Kent C Dodds: It's fairly conventional,
like for example, npm-run-all has a handy
thing that I think actually, yeah, we're
gonna use it later for our build when we
actually are gonna make multiple
distributions like we were talking about.
One for browser, one for CommonJS.
And so, yeah, npm-run-all utilizes this
convention to allow you to do a couple of
fancy things that we'll look into later.
So the convention of
that colon right there.
As far as the actual name of this script,
maybe that's a little conventional.
I don't know, I've seen it in some places.
Some people might also say test:watch, and
it almost seems like
it's composing together.
Sweet, any other questions?
Okay, we still have a couple
of things left to do.
Lunch is in about seven minutes,
I'm fairly confident we can get that done.
So one other issue that we have now,
we'll run the the build
again,
>> Kent C Dodds: So,
we look in our dist directory and
actually let's go ahead and
pop open the node and
we'll require('/dist').
We're gonna get a big error and that error
is cannot find module starwars-names.json.
So this file right this index.js
file is looking for a sibling,
that's the relative path there,
that's called starwars-names.json.
But it doesn't have one, and
that's because it's in the src directory.
So a couple of ways we could solve this.
We could put the starwars-names.json
in the root of our project and
just have it look up two directories,
cuz then that's relative to both of these.
And that would work great, but
then we'd have to make sure that we're
distributing all the right files.
We'd have to call them out
a lot more explicitly.
I like to have my dist directory be the
only thing that I send to the registry.
It just makes things a lot more
simple to think about, like,
what am I sending to the registry?
Yeah, just the dist.
So what we're gonna do is bebel
has this capability to copy
any files that are not JavaScript files,
so we're gonna use that feature.
So on this single line it
will just --copy-files.
And if you don't like these long name
there are actually abbreviations for
all of these, but I actually like doing
the full version most of the time
because I think it makes more sense for
future maintainers.
So now if we run the build we're
going to get a dist directory
with starwars-names right in there.
And you should be able to run node and
require the dist directory,
which will default to the index, and
you'll get what you're looking for.
>> Kent C Dodds: And for Palpatine,
[SOUND] that guy, okay, yeah.
Just taking a trip down memory lane for
a second.
So any other thoughts or questions,
concerns, comments, jokes?
Okay, we're almost there.
Let's see, I haven't been watching
these questions so I apologize.
Mike asked a little bit ago,
transpiling into a dist folder seems to be
standard for all the websites I've seen.
Wait, I did read that one.
Just kidding.
[SOUND] We are back.
Okay, so one other thing that we're gonna
do here is now that we have the build
working.
We wanna make sure that when somebody
comes into help us maintain our
project and they're setting things up,
we say okay install dependencies
than run the validate script.
We want to make sure that not only test
and linting work, but also they can build.
So that we don't have something specific
to our environment in those scripts.
And so then to accomplish that in our
validate script well just add build.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
that will run in parallel.
All three of these things
can run concurrently,
we don't need to worry about them
clashing or anything like that.